Describe the function of `model_name` and `model_provider` correctly in the span `metadata` field (#36925)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/instrumentation/api.md

| error       | [Error](#error)             | Error information on the span.              |
| input       | [IO](#io)                | The span's input information.               |
| output      | [IO](#io)                | The span's output information.              |

> | metadata                 | Dict[key (string), value] where the value is a float, bool, or string | Data about the span that is not input or output related. For example, you can pass `temperature` and `max_tokens` for LLM spans. If `model_name` or `model_provider` keys are present, they supercede values passed in the top-level fields. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| metadata                 | Dict[key (string), value] where the value is a float, bool, or string | Data about the span that is not input or output related. For example, you can pass `temperature` and `max_tokens` for LLM spans. |
```
Let's just remove model_name/provider from metadata description, we should just silently deprecate this in favor of meta.*

Author: done

> | metadata                 | Dict[key (string), value] where the value is a float, bool, or string | Data about the span that is not input or output related. For example, you can pass `temperature` and `max_tokens` for LLM spans. If `model_name` or `model_provider` keys are present here, they will supercede whatever is passed in the top-level fields. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| metadata                 | Dict[key (string), value] where the value is a float, bool, or string | Data about the span that is not input or output related. For example, you can pass `temperature` and `max_tokens` for LLM spans. If `model_name` or `model_provider` keys are present, they supercede values passed in the top-level fields. |
```
